GUYS, THERE'S SOMEBODY
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET.
WAIT.
WHAT IS THAT?
MARCEL. WANT TO SAY HI?
NO, I DON'T.
OH, HE IS PRECIOUS.
WHERE DID YOU GET HIM?
MY FRIEND, BETHEL,
RESCUED HIM FROM SOME LAB.
THAT IS SO CRUEL.
WHY WOULD A PARENT
NAME THEIR CHILD BETHEL?
HEY, THAT MONKEY'S
GOT A ROSS ON HIS ASS.
ROSS, IS HE GOING
TO LIVE WITH YOU?
IN YOUR APARTMENT?
YEAH. IT'S BEEN KIND OF QUIET
SINCE CAROL LEFT, SO...
WHY DON'T YOU
GET A ROOMMATE?
I THINK
YOU REACH A CERTAIN AGE
HAVING A ROOMMATE
IS JUST KIND OF PATHE...
UH...
I'M SORRY.
THAT'S "PATHET."
SANSKRIT FOR
"REALLY COOL WAY TO LIVE."
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
I'M DOING
ALL NEW MATERIAL TONIGHT.
I HAVE 12 NEW SONGS
ABOUT MY MOTHER'S SUICIDE
AND ONE ABOUT A SNOWMAN.
MIGHT WANT TO OPEN
WITH THE SNOWMAN.
HI, JOEY.
HEY.
HI, BUDDY.
SO, HOW'D IT GO?
I DIDN'T GET THE JOB.
( sympathetic groaning )
HOW COULD YOU
NOT GET IT?
YOU WERE SANTA
LAST YEAR.
I DON'T KNOW.
SOME FAT GUY'S SLEEPING
WITH THE STORE MANAGER.
HE'S NOT EVEN JOLLY.
IT'S ALL POLITICAL.
SO, WHAT
ARE YOU GOING TO BE?
I'M GOING TO BE
ONE OF HIS HELPERS
BUT IT'S JUST SUCH A SLAP
IN THE FACE, YOU KNOW?
DO YOU GUYS KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING
FOR NEW YEAR'S?
( all groaning )
WHAT IS WRONG
WITH NEW YEAR'S?
NOTHING FOR YOU.
YOU HAVE PAOLO.
YOU DON'T HAVE THE PRESSURES--
THE DESPERATE SCRAMBLE
TO FIND ANYTHING WITH LIPS
SO YOU HAVE SOMEBODY
TO KISS WHEN THE BALL DROPS!
MAN,
I'M TALKING LOUD.
PAOLO IS GOING TO BE IN ROME
THIS NEW YEAR'S
SO I'LL BE JUST AS PATHETIC
AS THE REST OF YOU.
YEAH. YOU WISH.
IT'S JUST THAT I AM
SICK OF BEING A VICTIM
TO THIS DICK CLARK
HOLIDAY.
I SAY THIS YEAR,
NO DATES.
WE MAKE A PACT-- JUST
THE SIX OF US. DINNER.
SURE.
FINE.
OKAY.
I WAS HOPING FOR
A LITTLE ENTHUSIASM.
WHOO!
YAY!
SOUNDS GREAT.
PHOEBE, YOU'RE ON.
OKAY, HI.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND
MISS PHOEBE BUFFAY.
( applause )
HI.
THANKS. HI.
UM... I WANT TO START
WITH A SONG
THAT MEANS A LOT TO ME
THIS TIME OF YEAR.
♪ I MADE A MAN
WITH EYES OF COAL ♪
♪ AND A SMILE SO BEWITCHING ♪
♪ HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW ♪
♪ THAT MY MOM WAS DEAD
IN THE KITCHEN? ♪
♪ LA, LA-LA, LA, LA-LA... ♪
♪ ...MY MOTHER'S ASHES ♪
♪ EVEN HER EYELASHES ♪
♪ ARE RESTING
IN A LITTLE YELLOW JAR ♪
♪ AND SOMETIMES
WHEN IT'S BREEZY ♪
♪ OR IF I'M FEELING SNEEZY ♪
♪ AND... ♪
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME.
NOISY BOYS.
IS IT SOMETHING
THAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO SHARE
WITH THE ENTIRE GROUP?
NO. NO, THAT'S OKAY.
WELL, COME ON.
IF IT'S IMPORTANT ENOUGH
TO DISCUSS WHILE I'M PLAYING
THEN I ASSUME
IT'S IMPORTANT ENOUGH
FOR EVERYONE
ELSE TO HEAR.
THAT GUY'S GOING HOME
WITH A NOTE.
AHEM. AHEM.
I WAS... I WAS
JUST SAYING...
COULD YOU SPEAK UP?
SORRY. I WAS...
I WAS SAYING
THAT I THOUGHT
YOU WERE THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
THAT I'D EVER SEEN
IN MY LIFE
AND THEN HE SAID...
YOU SAID YOU THOUGHT
DARYL HANNAH WAS THE
MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
THAT HE'D EVER
SEEN IN HIS LIFE
AND I SAID, "YEAH, I
LIKED HER IN SPLASH A LOT
BUT NOT SO MUCH
IN WALL STREET."
I THOUGHT SHE HAD...
A HARD QUALITY.
AND, UH...
WHILE DARYL HANNAH
IS BEAUTIFUL
IN A CONVENTIONAL WAY
YOU ARE LUMINOUS
WITH A KIND OF A DELICATE GRACE.
THEN THAT'S WHEN YOU
STARTED YELLING.
OKAY. WE'RE GOING
TO TAKE A SHORT BREAK.
THAT GUY'S GOING HOME
WITH MORE THAN A NOTE.
PHEEBS, I CAN'T BELIEVE
HE HASN'T KISSED YOU YET.
I MEAN, GOD, BY MY
SIXTH DATE WITH PAOLO
HE'D ALREADY NAMED
BOTH MY BREASTS.
WHOA, DID I JUST
SHARE TOO MUCH?
JUST A SMIDGE.
DAVID'S, LIKE, YOU KNOW,
A SCIENTIST GUY.
HE'S VERY METHODICAL.
IT'S ROMANTIC.
DID YOU EVER SEE
AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN?
YEAH.
WELL, HE'S KIND OF LIKE
THE GUY
I WENT TO SEE THAT WITH.
EXCEPT...
EXCEPT HE'S SMARTER
AND GENTLER AND SWEETER.
I JUST...
I JUST WANT
TO BE WITH HIM ALL THE TIME.
YOU KNOW, DAY AND NIGHT...
AND NIGHT AND DAY
AND SPECIAL OCCASIONS.
I SEE WHERE THIS IS GOING.
YOU'RE GOING TO ASK HIM
TO NEW YEAR'S.
YOU'RE GOING TO BREAK THE PACT.
SHE'S GOING
TO BREAK THE PACT.
NO. NO. NO. NO. NO.
NO.
YEAH, COULD I JUST..?
YEAH, 'CAUSE I ALREADY
ASKED JANICE.
COME ON.
THIS WAS A PACT.
THIS WAS YOUR PACT.
I SNAPPED, OKAY?
I COULDN'T HANDLE
THE PRESSURE.
BUT THAT WAS, LIKE,
THE WORST BREAKUP IN HISTORY.
I'M NOT SAYING
IT WAS A GOOD IDEA.
I'M SAYING I SNAPPED.
HI. SORRY I'M LATE.
TOO MANY JOKES.
MUST MOCK JOEY.
NICE SHOES, HUH?
AH! YOU'RE KILLING ME!
OH, ROSS.
HE'S PLAYING
WITH MY SPATULAS AGAIN.
LOOK, HE'S NOT GOING
TO HURT THEM, RIGHT?
DO YOU ALWAYS HAVE
TO BRING HIM HERE?
LOOK, I DIDN'T WANT
TO LEAVE HIM ALONE, ALL RIGHT?
WE HAD OUR FIRST FIGHT
THIS MORNING.
I THINK IT HAS TO DO
WITH MY WORKING LATE.
I SAID SOME THINGS
THAT I DIDN'T MEAN AND...
HE THREW SOME FECES.
IF YOU'RE GOING
TO WORK LATE
I CAN LOOK IN
ON HIM FOR YOU.
OH, THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
OKAY, BUT IF YOU DO,
MAKE SURE IT SEEMS
LIKE YOU'RE THERE
TO SEE HIM, OKAY?
AND YOU'RE NOT, LIKE,
DOING IT AS A FAVOR TO ME.
OKAY, BUT IF HE ASKS,
I'M NOT GOING TO LIE.
BUT YOU CAN'T ACTUALLY
TEST THIS THEORY
BECAUSE TODAY'S
PARTICLE ACCELERATORS
ARE NOWHERE NEAR POWERFUL ENOUGH
TO SIMULATE THESE CONDITIONS.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
I HAVE A QUESTION THEN.
WERE YOU PLANNING
ON KISSING ME EVER?
UH... THAT'S DEFINITELY
A VALID QUESTION
AND, UH...
THE ANSWER WOULD BE...
YES.
YES, I WAS.
BUT, SEE, I WANTED IT TO BE
THIS PHENOMENAL KISS
THAT HAPPENED
AT THIS PHENOMENAL MOMENT
BECAUSE, WELL,
BECAUSE IT'S YOU.
SURE. YEAH.
RIGHT, BUT, YOU SEE,
THE LONGER I WAITED
THE MORE PHENOMENAL
THE KISS HAD TO BE
AND NOW WE'VE REACHED
A PLACE WHERE IT'S
GOT TO BE
ONE OF THOSE THINGS
WHERE I, LIKE,
SWEEP EVERYTHING OFF THE TABLE
AND I'M NOT
REALLY A, UH...
SWEEPING
SORT OF FELLOW.
DAVID, I THINK YOU ARE
A SWEEPING SORT OF FELLOW.
I MEAN...
YOU'RE A SWEEPER
TRAPPED INSIDE A
PHYSICIST'S BODY.
REALLY?
OH, YEAH. OH,
I'M SURE OF IT.
YOU SHOULD JUST DO IT.
JUST SWEEP AND THROW ME.
NOW, NOW?
OH, YEAH, RIGHT NOW.
OKAY, OKAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT, THIS IS
JUST REALLY EXPENSIVE.
AND THIS WAS A GIFT.
YOU'RE KIND OF TIDYING UP.
OKAY. WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT THE HELL?
DO YOU WANT ME
TO ACTUALLY THROW YOU
OR YOU WANT
TO JUST HOP UP?
TELL ME SOMETHING.
WHAT DOES THE PHRASE
"NO-DATE PACT" MEAN TO YOU?
I'M SORRY, OKAY?
IT'S JUST THAT CHANDLER
HAS SOMEBODY
AND PHOEBE HAS SOMEBODY.
I THOUGHT
I'D ASK FUN BOBBY.
FUN BOBBY--
YOUR EX-BOYFRIEND FUN BOBBY?
YOU KNOW MORE THAN
ONE FUN BOBBY?
I HAPPEN TO
KNOW A FUN BOB.
OKAY. HERE WE GO.
OH, OH, OH, THERE'S
NO ROOM FOR MILK.
THERE.
OKAY, SO ON OUR
NO-DATE EVENING
THREE OF YOU NOW
ARE GOING TO HAVE DATES.
UH... FOUR.
FIVE.
SORRY. PAOLO'S CATCHING
AN EARLIER FLIGHT.
YEAH, AND I MET
THIS REALLY HOT
SINGLE MOM AT THE STORE.
WHAT'S AN ELF TO DO?
OKAY, SO I'M GOING TO BE
THE ONLY ONE
STANDING THERE ALONE
WHEN THE BALL DROPS?
WE'LL HAVE A BIG PARTY
AND NO ONE WILL KNOW
WHO'S WITH WHO.
THIS IS SO NOT
WHAT I NEEDED RIGHT NOW.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
OH, IT'S MARCEL.
HE KEEPS SHUTTING ME OUT,
YOU KNOW?
HE'S WALKING AROUND ALL THE TIME
DRAGGING HIS HANDS.
I HAD SUCH A BLAST
WITH HIM THE OTHER NIGHT.
REALLY?
YEAH. WE PLAYED.
THAT JUGGLING THING
IS AMAZING.
WHAT, UH... WHAT JUGGLING THING?
WITH THE BALLED-UP SOCKS.
I FIGURED YOU
TAUGHT HIM THAT.
NO.
YOU KNOW, IT WASN'T
THAT BIG A DEAL.
IT WAS JUST
BALLED-UP SOCKS...
AND A MELON.
PHOEBE, HI.
HI, MAX.
DO YOU KNOW EVERYBODY?
NO. HAVE YOU SEEN DAVID?
NO. NO.
WELL, IF YOU SEE HIM,
TELL HIM TO PACK HIS BAGS.
WE ARE GOING TO MINSK.
MINSK?
MINSK. IT'S IN RUSSIA.
I KNOW WHERE MINSK IS.
WE GOT THE GRANT.
THREE YEARS.
ALL EXPENSES PAID.
SO WHEN, WHEN DO YOU LEAVE?
JANUARY FIRST.
( knocking )
HELLO?
WHAT... HEY!
HI.
HI. WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WELL, MAX TOLD ME
ABOUT MINSK
SO, YOU KNOW,
CONGRATULATIONS!
THIS IS SO EXCITING.
IT WOULD BE EVEN MORE
EXCITING IF WE WERE GOING.
YOU'RE NOT GOING?
OH... WHY?
TELL HER, DAVID.
"I DON'T WANT
TO GO TO MINSK
"TO WORK WITH LIFSON
AND YAMAGUCHI AND FLENCK.
"OH, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
I WANT TO STAY HERE AND MAKE OUT
WITH MY GIRLFRIEND."
OKAY, THANK YOU, MAX.
THANK YOU.
SO... SO YOU'RE
REALLY NOT GOING?
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M
GOING TO DO. I JUST...
YOU DECIDE.
OH, DON'T DO THAT.
PLEASE?
OH, NO, NO.
I'M ASKING...
I CAN'T.
BUT I CAN'T MAKE THE DECISION.
OKAY, STAY.
STAY?
STAY.
YOU'RE GETTING
SO GOOD AT THAT.
IT WAS MAX'S STUFF.
I LOVE THIS
ARTICHOKE THING.
DON'T TELL ME
WHAT'S IN IT.
THE DIET STARTS TOMORROW.
( braying laughter )
YOU REMEMBER JANICE?
OH... VIVIDLY.
( doorbell rings )
HI.
HI. I'M SANDY.
SANDY, HI. COME ON IN.
( nervous chuckling )
YOU BROUGHT YOUR KIDS.
YEAH. THAT'S OKAY, RIGHT?
PAR-TAY.
THAT THING IS NOT
COMING IN HERE.
"THAT THING"? THIS IS HOW
YOU GREET GUESTS AT A PARTY?
IF I SHOWED UP
WITH MY NEW GIRLFRIEND
SHE WOULDN'T BE WELCOME?
YOUR GIRLFRIEND WOULDN'T
URINATE ON MY COFFEE TABLE.
HE WAS MORE EMBARRASSED
ABOUT THAT THAN ANYONE.
OKAY?
AND FOR HIM TO HAVE THE COURAGE
TO WALK BACK IN HERE
LIKE NOTHING HAPPENED...
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT!
JUST KEEP HIM AWAY FROM ME.
THANK YOU. COME ON, MARCEL.
WHAT DO YOU SAY YOU AND I
DO A LITTLE MINGLING?
ALL RIGHT. I'LL, UH...
CATCH UP WITH YOU LATER.
OH, MY GOSH!
RACHEL, HONEY...
ARE YOU OKAY?
WHERE'S PAOLO?
ROME.
JERK MISSED HIS FLIGHT.
AND THEN YOUR
FACE EXPLODED?
NO.
OKAY. I WAS AT THE AIRPORT
GETTING INTO A CAB
WHEN THIS WOMAN--
THIS BLONDE PLANET
WITH A POCKETBOOK--
STARTS YELLING AT ME.
SOMETHING ABOUT HOW
IT WAS HER CAB FIRST
AND THEN THE NEXT THING
I KNOW, SHE JUST STARTS
PULLING ME OUT BY MY HAIR.
AND SO I'M BLOWING
MY ATTACK WHISTLE THINGY
AND-AND THREE MORE CABS SHOW UP
SO AS I'M GOING TO GET
INTO A CAB, SHE TACKLES ME!
I HIT MY HEAD
ON THE CURB
AND I CUT MY LIP
ON MY WHISTLE.
OH...
EVERYBODY HAVING FUN
AT THE PARTY?
ARE PEOPLE EATING MY DIP?
YOU KNOW, WHEN I SAW YOU
AT THE STORE LAST WEEK
IT WAS PROBABLY THE FIRST TIME
I EVER MENTALLY
UNDRESSED AN ELF.
WOW. THAT'S, UH, DIRTY.
YEAH.
HEY, KIDS.
LOOK AT HIM.
I'M NOT SAYING
HE HAS TO SPEND
THE WHOLE EVENING
WITH ME
BUT AT LEAST CHECK IN.
THERE YOU ARE!
♪ YOU GOT AWAY FROM ME! ♪
♪ BUT YOU FOUND ME. ♪
HERE, ROSS,
TAKE OUR PICTURE.
SMILE. YOU'RE
ON JANICE CAMERA.
KILL ME. KILL ME NOW.
EVERYBODY, IT'S FUN BOBBY!
( cheering )
HEY, BOBBY!
HEY, SORRY I'M LATE
BUT MY GRANDFATHER, HE DIED
ABOUT TWO HOURS AGO
BUT I-I-I COULDN'T GET
A FLIGHT OUT TILL TOMORROW SO...
HERE I AM.
HEY, FUN BOBBY.
HOW'S IT GOING, MAN?
WHOA! WHO DIED?
IT'S GOING TO BE
AN OPEN CASKET, YOU KNOW
SO AT LEAST I'LL...
I'LL GET TO SEE HIM AGAIN.
MMM... I'M GOING
TO BLOW THIS ONE UP
AND I'M GOING TO WRITE
"REUNITED" IN GLITTER.
ALL RIGHT, JANICE,
THAT'S IT!
JANICE... JANICE.
HEY, JANICE...
WHEN I INVITED YOU
I DIDN'T THINK
IT MEANT...
OH... NO!
OH, NO.
I'M SORRY
YOU MISUNDERSTOOD.
OH, MY GOD!
YOU LISTEN TO ME, CHANDLER,
YOU LISTEN TO ME!
ONE OF THESE TIMES IS JUST GOING
TO BE YOUR LAST CHANCE WITH ME!
OH, WILL YOU GIVE
ME THE THING!
HI, MAX.
YOKO.
I'VE DECIDED TO GO
TO MINSK WITHOUT YOU.
WOW!
IT WON'T BE THE SAME
BUT IT WILL STILL BE MINSK.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, I'M FINE...
I'M FINE.
COME ON.
YOU'RE GOING TO MINSK.
N-NO, I'M NOT GOING TO MINSK.
OH, YOU ARE SO
GOING TO MINSK.
YOU BELONG IN MINSK.
YOU CAN'T STAY HERE
JUST 'CAUSE OF ME.
YES, I CAN, BECAUSE IF I GO
I HAVE TO BREAK UP WITH YOU
AND I CAN'T BREAK UP WITH YOU.
OH, YES. YES, YOU CAN.
JUST SAY, "PHOEBE, I LOVE YOU,
BUT MY WORK IS MY LIFE
AND THAT'S WHAT I
HAVE TO DO."
AND I SAY, "YOUR WORK?!
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT?"
AND THEN YOU SAY,
"IT'S TEARING ME APART
"BUT I HAVE NO CHOICE.
CAN'T YOU UNDERSTAND?"
AND I SAY, "NO!
NO, I CAN'T UNDERSTAND THAT!"
UH, OW.
OOH, SORRY.
AND THEN YOU PUT
YOUR ARMS AROUND ME...
YOU PUT YOUR
ARMS AROUND ME.
AND, UM, AND THEN YOU
TELL ME THAT YOU LOVE ME
AND YOU'LL NEVER FORGET ME.
I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU.
AND THEN YOU SAY
THAT IT'S ALMOST MIDNIGHT
AND YOU HAVE TO GO BECAUSE
YOU DON'T WANT TO START
THE NEW YEAR WITH ME
IF YOU CAN'T FINISH IT.
I'M GOING TO MISS YOU,
YOU SCIENTIST GUY.
Dick Clark:
We're in a virtual snowstorm
of confetti
here in Times Square.
It gets bigger
and better every year.
THERE YOU GO, KIDS.
...AND THEN
THE PEACOCK BIT ME.
PLEASE KISS ME AT MIDNIGHT.
SHH...
YOU SEEN SANDY?
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TELL YOU,
BUT SHE'S IN MONICA'S BEDROOM
GETTING IT ON WITH MAX,
THAT SCIENTIST GEEK.
WHOA! I DID KNOW
HOW TO TELL YOU.
( distorted mumble ):
HEY, EVERYBODY,
THE BALL IS DROPPING.
All:
WHAT?
THE BALL IS DROPPING!
In 20 seconds,
it'll be midnight.
AND THE MOMENT
OF JOY IS UPON US.
LOOKS LIKE THAT
NO-DATE-PACT THING
WORKED OUT.
EVERYBODY LOOKS SO HAPPY.
I HATE THAT!
NOT EVERYBODY'S HAPPY.
HEY, BOBBY.
All:
...ONE! HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I'LL JUST
THROW THIS OUT:
I'M NO MATH WHIZ
BUT I DO BELIEVE
THERE ARE THREE GIRLS
AND THREE GUYS RIGHT HERE.
( kissing noise )
OH, I DON'T FEEL LIKE
KISSING ANYONE TONIGHT.
I CAN'T KISS ANYONE.
SO I'M KISSING EVERYONE?
YOU CAN'T KISS ROSS.
THAT'S YOUR BROTHER.
OH, YEAH.
PERFECT. NOW EVERYBODY'S
GETTING KISSED BUT ME.
SOMEBODY KISS ME.
KISS ME.
IT'S MIDNIGHT!
SOMEBODY KISS ME!
IT'S MIDNIGHT.
STOP! STOP!
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT!
I WANTED THIS
TO WORK SO MUCH.
NOW, I'M STILL
IN THERE, YOU KNOW
CHANGING HIS DIAPERS,
PICKING HIS FLEAS
AND HE'S JUST PHONING IT IN.
IT'S JUST SO HARD
TO ACCEPT THAT SOMETHING
YOU LOVE SO MUCH DOESN'T
LOVE YOU BACK, YOU KNOW?
I THINK THAT BITCH
CRACKED MY TOOTH.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]